feat(docs): IOTA Identity Linked VP docs (#8659)
iotaledger/iota: docs/content/developer/iota-identity/how-tos/verifiable-presentations/linked-vp.mdx

to a Verifiable Presentation ([VP](https://www.w3.org/TR/vc-data-model-1.1/#presentations)).

Here is a sample DID Document employing this mechanism:
```json
{
  "@context": ["https://www.w3.org/ns/did/v1", "https://identity.foundation/linked-vp/contexts/v1"],
  "id": "did:example:123",
  "verificationMethod": [
    {
      "id": "did:example:123#_Qq0UL2Fq651Q0Fjd6TvnYE-faHiOpRlPVQcY_-tA4A",
      "type": "JsonWebKey2020",
      "controller": "did:example:123",
      "publicKeyJwk": {
        "kty": "OKP",
        "crv": "Ed25519",
        "x": "VCpo2LMLhn6iWku8MKvSLg2ZAoC-nlOyPVQaO3FxVeQ"
      }
    }
  ],
  "service": [
    {
      "id": "did:example:123#foo",
      "type": "LinkedVerifiablePresentation",
      "serviceEndpoint": ["https://bar.example.com/verifiable-presentation.jsonld"]
    },
    {
      "id": "did:example:123#baz",
      "type": "LinkedVerifiablePresentation",
      "serviceEndpoint": "ipfs://bafybeihkoviema7g3gxyt6la7vd5ho32ictqbilu3wnlo3rs7ewhnp7lly/verifiable-presentation.jwt"
    }
  ]
}
```

By querying the DID document's services of type `LinkedVerifiablePresentation`, one can easily

> discover any VP the DID controller may have decided to publicly share. In the example above those

Reviewer: ```suggestion
discover any VP the DID controller decided to publicly share. In the example above those
```

are: `https://bar.example.com/verifiable-presentation.jsonld` and
`ipfs://bafybeihkoviema7g3gxyt6la7vd5ho32ictqbilu3wnlo3rs7ewhnp7lly/verifiable-presentation.jwt`.

## Example: Linking a VP hosted on an IOTA Network within an IOTA Notarization

In this example we are going to showcase how to host a VP on the IOTA Ledger leveraging IOTA

> Notarization and linking it to its holder's DID document through an URL-like IOTA Resource Locator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notarization and linking it from the holder's DID document through an URL-like IOTA Resource Locator
```

([IRL](../../references/iota-resource-locator.mdx)).

:::caution
The concepts of creating a VC and a VP won't be covered in this page, please refer to their

> corresponding pages.

Reviewer: can we link the pages?

  .publish_did_document_update(did_document, TEST_GAS_BUDGET)
  .await?;
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="typescript-node" label="Typescript (Node.js)">

```ts
const notarizedVpUrl = notarizedVp.iotaResourceLocatorBuilder(notarizationClient.network()).data();
const serviceUrl = didDocument.id().join("#linked-vp");
const linkedVpService = new LinkedVerifiablePresentationService({
    id: serviceUrl,
    linked_vp: notarizedVpUrl,
});
didDocument.insertService(linkedVpService.toService());
await identityClient.publishDidDocumentUpdate(didDocument, TEST_GAS_BUDGET);
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
</div>

If we inspect the services of `updated_did_document` we would see something similar to this JSON object:

```json
{
  "id": "did:iota:fb230e5b:0x1222d84b5598234387bde3baa43ed8d3dbd24e23cfc8db9708412c748962a63f#linked-vp",
  "type": "LinkedVerifiablePresentation",
  "serviceEndpoint": "iota:fb230e5b/0x215e1425343e20fc69c8bacd5e783d3b3c81e3c86408b9b8357247860d0a376d/state/data"
}
```

The value of the `serviceEndpoint` property is an IRL that references the `state.data` property of
the Move object having ID `0x215e1425343e20fc69c8bacd5e783d3b3c81e3c86408b9b8357247860d0a376d` (which 

> in this instance is the ID of the notarization that was previously created) and located on a custom

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in this instance is the ID of the Notarization that was previously created) and located on a custom
```
